31. Write a Python program to compute the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two positive integers. https://www.w3resource.com/python-exercises/python-basic-exercise-31.php

32. Write a Python program to get the least common multiple (LCM) of two positive integers.  https://www.w3resource.com/python-exercises/python-basic-exercise-32.php

41. Write a Python program to check whether a file exists.

42. Write a Python program to determine if a Python shell is executing in 32bit or 64bit mode on OS.

43. Write a Python program to get OS name, platform and release information.

44. Write a Python program to locate Python site-packages. 

45. Write a python program to call an external command in Python.

46. Write a python program to get the path and name of the file that is currently executing.

47. Write a Python program to find out the number of CPUs using. 

49. Write a Python program to list all files in a directory in Python.


51. Write a Python program to determine profiling of Python programs.  Note: A profile is a set of statistics that describes how often and for how long various parts of the program executed. These statistics can be formatted into reports via the pstats module.


53. Write a python program to access environment variables.

54. Write a Python program to get the current username.

55. Write a Python to find local IP addresses using Python's stdlib.

56. Write a Python program to get height and width of the console window.

57. Write a Python program to get execution time for a Python method. 

61. Write a Python program to convert the distance (in feet) to inches, yards, and miles.

62. Write a Python program to convert all units of time into seconds. 


64. Write a Python program to get file creation and modification date/times.

65. Write a Python program to convert seconds to day, hour, minutes and seconds.

69. Write a Python program to sort three integers without using conditional statements and loops.

70. Write a Python program to sort files by date.

71. Write a Python program to get a directory listing, sorted by creation date. 

72. Write a Python program to get the details of math module.

73. Write a Python program to calculate midpoints of a line.

74. Write a Python program to hash a word. 

75. Write a Python program to get the copyright information and write Copyright information in Python code.


76. Write a Python program to get the command-line arguments (name of the script, the number of arguments, arguments) passed to a script. 

77. Write a Python program to test whether the system is a big-endian platform or little-endian platform. 

78. Write a Python program to find the available built-in modules. 

79. Write a Python program to get the size of an object in bytes. 

80. Write a Python program to get the current value of the recursion limit. 

84. Write a Python program to count the number occurrence of a specific character in a string.


85. Write a Python program to check whether a file path is a file or a directory. 

86. Write a Python program to get the ASCII value of a character. 

87. Write a Python program to get the size of a file.

90. Write a Python program to create a copy of its own source code.


92. Write a Python program to define a string containing special characters in various forms. 

93. Write a Python program to get the Identity, Type, and Value of an object. 

94. Write a Python program to convert a byte string to a list of integers. 

95. Write a Python program to check whether a string is numeric. 

96. Write a Python program to print the current call stack. 

97. Write a Python program to list the special variables used within the language. 

98. Write a Python program to get the system time.
Note : The system time is important for debugging, network information, random number seeds, or something as simple as program performance.


99. Write a Python program to clear the screen or terminal. 

100. Write a Python program to get the name of the host on which the routine is running.


























